[Music]
she is the strangest prisoner in a
women's prison
others eat and wait to die she exercises
every day
others let the wind blow the water she
goats stand up every day
she seizes the opportunity to practice
her arm strength while working
even rainy days i also insisted on
running 15 laps
the reason why she is so desperate not
for jailbreak but because
there is a vengeance in her heart a few
months ago the woman's husband
disappeared strangely
leaving only a huge insurance policy as
a beneficiary
so he was convicted of killing husband
and cheating insurance silver dang go to
prison
and all this actually it was her husband
and girlfriend who conspired to frame
her
the two changed their names go to
another city to have fun
not even allow the woman's son to visit
the prison this vicious couple
i thought a woman would sit and wear a
prison but did not expect
six years later because women behaved
well get a chance to be released on
parole
before leaving a cellmate who was a
lawyer told her
anyway you have been convicted of
murdering your husband now even if you
really kill him
the police can't help you this sentence
wakes up the woman
after getting out of prison she
frantically searched for her husband and
girlfriends
the two have long since disappeared but
some data
can't be erased my girlfriend was a
teacher the official website must have
her information
but the woman was dumbfounded by
searching the teacher with the same name
as your girlfriend
there are more than one thousand use
dumb ways to troubleshoot one by one
definitely not she doesn't have so much
time so the woman sneaked into the
school where her best friend worked
overturned finally found her file but
the police are here too
the woman ran away immediately with the
skills developed in prison
flying all the way through the iron net
the police can't run her
but helpless there are so many finally
catch the woman
ignore her yelling injustice don't
listen to her pleading
forcibly grab her back the woman has no
revenge
where would you be willing on the way
back to prison the next day
she kept telling the police i was
wronged until the police are annoying
he stopped hand a woman to the doorknob
go for coffee but he forgot the fatal
point
the key is not removed while the police
are negligent of their duties
the woman has found a way to escape
how to remove this handcuffs she looks
at the water pipe behind
yes back up first slam on the
accelerator again
the handcuffs and water pipes sparked
out sparks but still remained
just like this the woman repeatedly
reversed and drove i'm about to break
the handcuffs
but then the police who escorted her
found out he rushed into the car
desperately to stop her
do nothing but never stop six eye the
woman drove directly into
the sea the sea water poured in quickly
as a last resort the police could only
unlock her handcuffs to escape
the woman took the opportunity to swim
with his gun to the sea
the police came to catch her but she was
stunned with a gun
then the police were rescued by a
lifeguard and the woman escaped smoothly
she fled all the way to the country to
find her mother watching the daughter
who returned from prison
mother didn't say anything just take out
my years of savings
she trusted her daughter unconditionally
with this money women continue to embark
on the road of revenge
first of all she wants to get wenfu and
her girlfriends out
i saw her come to a 4s shop and pretend
to buy a car
she said to the sales you can check my
credit history
see if i can afford it okay please tell
me your social security card number
then the woman reported her best
friend's social security card number
this was found from the teacher's file
of my girlfriend sales according to this
card number to call up the information
of girlfriends
check tea with woman just do it like
this the woman succeeded in taking all
the information of her girlfriend
including home address she hurried over
seeing a big revenge is about to be
reported
who knows the neighbor told her my best
friend as early as four years ago
died of a gas leak woman stunned what
about the husband
women began to flip through the news
reports of the year try to find any
clues
finally in a photo she found the
painting behind her best friend
from husband's favorite gallery this
must be bought by my husband so the
gallery should keep the message of wenfu
i thought of this woman and rushed over
secretly found the husband's address
who knows that the police followed her
right after her forefoot
it turned out that as the investigation
deepened he began to believe that women
were exempt
so i searched for evidence to help the
woman reverse the case
but women don't trust the police as soon
as i saw him racing away
she wants revenge on her own that night
she put on a gorgeous dress
came to the banquet hosted by my husband
today's husband is in trouble
no one knows that he made his fortune by
framing his wife
the moment i saw the woman my husband is
not well
he couldn't think of it the woman who
was supposed to be in prison actually
appeared here
he begged women not to show up then
pretend to say
it was a girlfriend who seduced herself
first so you killed her
the woman has already seen through his
viciousness no longer believe his
nonsense
my girlfriend's death must not have been
an accident because the husband got a
large amount of compensation for this
woman said to her husband if i don't
expose you it's okay as long as you let
me see my son
she left without waiting for her husband
to answer the woman called wenfu from
the phone booth the next day
let him bring his son to meet at the
public cemetery because the funeral is
being held here there are so many people
she knows her husband must not dare to
make tricks soon the two met in the
cemetery
and the woman did as she wished to see
the son who thinks about it day and
night
he stands far away he ran away as soon
as the woman passed
the woman chased after it desperately
who knows this is when foo's trick
the so-called son just an actor he hired
he suddenly appeared from behind the
woman
stunned the woman then this crazy man
even went to own his wife suffocated in
the coffin alive
wake up she found herself in a coffin
blocked on all sides
take a photo with a lighter there is a
corpse lying beside it
woman trembling with fright but no
matter how she calls for help
no one will hear clam down she
remembered the gun she brought with her
touch your trouser pocket fortunately
still she shot the coffin
another shot finally opened the coffin
then broke the window
she walked dirty on the street a face of
determination
until the police suddenly found her she
broke the defense in an instant
cry no one knows what did she just go
through
who believes her vicious husband
actually want to put her in a coffin to
die
at this moment the police choose to
believe in women that night he went to
find the woman's when who
exposes conspiracy of false death to
frame up his wife even now
men are still calm promised to the
police one million hush money
police pretending to accept bribes then
asked him again
what about your wife the man said
proudly she's dead i promise
he speaks calmly no mercy for life
even if it was his wife just then the
woman came in
kill this cloaked beast with a single
shot it's not too cheap for him
before coming the woman has called the
police once he framed her as a murderer
so now she framed him as the murderer of
his wife the evidence is the recording
of the conversation between oh and the
police just now
use his own way to rule his body woman
finally got revenge
and men will sit in prison he panicked
hit the police with a shot then come
over point the gun at the woman
the big deal will die at the very moment
the police rushed towards him after a
scuffle the injured policeman can't
stand up anymore
the man is trying to make up the gun but
was shot by a woman
then another shot completely ended the
life of this beast
everything is over woman injustice and
because of legitimate defense
she retired without going to jail now
she can finally see her son
six full years support the woman down
not so much hatred
rather say it's a mother who misses her
son the most
woman comes to sun school even after six
years
she still recognized him at a glance she
called his name
marty marty
from hesitation to firmness he slowly
walked towards mom
mom asked him if he still remembers me
he nodded
then this little man who thinks about
his mother day and night shed tears
his mother hugged him tightly mother and
son finally get together
no one ever since can separate them this
determined mother
i won back innocence and freedom for
myself more importantly
she for this world one back the late
justice